
The greatest work in science, technology, literature, and art has come from communities of people. Historically, breakthrough innovations and artistic revolutions emerged not from isolated genius, but from human connection and collaboration.

Paris in the early 1900s, where Picasso, Matisse, and Braque debated in Gertrude Stein's salon to reshape the trajectory of modern art. The Bauhaus post WWI, where architects and artists merged craft with industrial design. Greenwich Village from the 1920s to the 1940s, where bohemians mingled to develop lasting American art, poetry, and writing. NASA in the 1960s, where engineers and scientists brought humanity onto our moon. Bell Labs post WWII, where the transistor emerged from daily conversations between technical nerds. Silicon Valley in the 1980s, where meetups in a garage led to the personal computing revolution. AI in SF starting in 2016, where researchers united on a mission to make machines as smart as humans. Can individual genius alone explain any of these time periods?

If you are a young ambitious person with a dream to be great, you have to find your people. Find those people who make your ideas tick. Find those people who make your wildest dreams seem like plausible realities. Find those people who don't look at you like you're crazy when you rant about your passion. And find those people that you can invigorate and bring a creative, unique perspective to their work.

As you read this essay, there are probably hundreds of thousands of active gatherings of people in New York City. Many of these people are creating the artwork that will be hailed as genius in the coming years. They are exchanging ideas about the classic literature of the future, and they are starting the companies that will create a better tomorrow. The same creative energy that fueled Paris in the 1900s and Silicon Valley in the 1980s is alive today, waiting to be found. I wonder: where are my people? Where are your people? And how can we find them?